okay I'm honest to god the joke miss I
have been sittin here eatin in m names I
brought up place in there to sign it
Emma to the past 25 minutes trying to
find a game Jeff so I can play some
fruit because I've really fancy make a
video in this but it turns out if you
have all the map back so that the havoc
pepper dlc and the other one not sure
what it's called and the kind of Atlas
George one you won't find of games I've
been sitting for 25 minutes I was just
up screw it let me just delete one back
toward the map packs I see it we go and
bam in a game show way wondering I did
love this game is free for all was so
easy all you got to do variable zoom
unjust life in your done those literally
it's or on the subject advanced warfare
I actually do have quite a few clips
that i'm using my next show my next
episodes for i know i did say that I
wasn't actually gonna bring out of ribs
I was waiting to it may be doing more
kind of a comment you basically just a
phase but I change of mind cuz and then
the day Jane to the other put a lot of
work into it looks really nice and yeah
okay it was gonna be like well it's not
you know it's not every shot a boat bank
for you because of the aimbot stands now
there's because of how many people clips
a people were hitting with let you know
some people not sure it but I'm really
happy with how it is come out with very
nice that'll be coming out probably in a
week's time I reckon at least I hit the
boat bang soon then I'll be delighted to
edit the boatmen but parton LBA probably
in about a week buzz me I'm plays map in
such a long time the entire play
advanced warfare recently what's for the
Met pet but then amount of times I've
got hit markers a name and just scrub
such I've got insane he mocks n sua soan
amount of people that did it but
actually really it was literally just to
hit marking in barrels I'm gonna ask you
guys it's not a higher chance i'll hit
shot because i don't LT I'm da cuenta de
hen to hit show this game is difficult
you guys will know that just no scope
down here you guys may have noticed I've
actually dog loading quite a lot more
often than you would have fault recent
oh what the fuck I should've hit a lot
more often recently I'm gonna try my
best top load when I can as much as I
can pew in fact that it's it's actually
kind of fun cause if I don't bloat I can
play difficult and give a black we're
done and get different going down as
well and then also if I have time little
does depend on my second chair as well I
can upload on my second channel and get
free video videos a day I'm not saying
every day for sundays are busy busier
than others which is like any other
human being in the world okay guys I
don't think that she would have fight
ever forward to say this one actually
really enjoying this guy
enjoy and plan how I want to keep
playing to get sure I've got some time
for a go alaya this is while also
another reason my downloads these
because I can't stream as well llegaron
come out for a meal so we're gonna all
gravy air chu'lak making some noise man
please say skit hit please I beg you to
save me from this game don't please are
you here yo yo dumb fuck that was sick
that's actually is crazy scientist show
that was mad good shit man anyway guys I
hope you guys did enjoy be a definite
like I don't know like I'm gonna say
that get a message shit man
BAM
yeah other than that shot good sit push
it good stuff to be sure to leave lucky
digital video check out all my links
inscription below that was a really good
endings video because it was a long it
was hard trying to get food i'm trying
to hit shot as well anyway I'll see you
guys in to my video check out the
previous upload on we're actually up to
peace they'll be in lincoln description
i'll see you guys talk video that I
pulls in
you